Refactor of Tagging Section (#7516)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_collection/php.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Connect your service across Logs and APM

Reviewer: Let's keep the word `traces`

> If APM is enabled for this application, the correlation between application logs and traces can be improved by [following APM PHP logging instructions][2] to automatically add trace and span IDs in your logs.
> 
> Note that if the APM tracer injects `service` into your logs, there is no need to set a `service` field in your logs configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If APM is enabled for this application, connect your logs and traces by automatically adding trace IDs, span IDs,
`env`, `service`, and `version` to your logs by [following the APM PHP instructions][2].

**Note**: If the APM tracer injects `service` into your logs, it overrides the value set in the agent configuration.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Connect your service across Logs and APM

Author: ```suggestion
## Connect your service across logs and traces
```
